Compare old relaxng.tar.gz to new to make sure nothing has been left out.

Update docs.

Set up user mailing list.

Add overview of modules to wiki.

Add a target to explicitly run the regex category test.

Reorganize schemas in source tree.

Move test-related .xsl files into mod/*/test.

Move java sources used for testing only into test hierarchy.

Set some more svn:ignore properties; get rid of .cvsignore properties.

Ensure svn:mime-type is set correctly.  Ensure svn:eol-type is set correctly.

test element in mod.xml should specify additional jars.

Merge Jing changes from oNVDL.

?Use JAXP-supplied XSLT implementation. Get rid of saxon dependency.

Use Xsltc from Xalan.

Fix bug with not checking "duplicate declaration" and maybe "xsd prefix"
constraint.

Fix bug with empty implicit grammars in compact syntax.

Allow jing to use OASIS catalogs.

See whether there's a DTDinst bug with a parameter entity containing a
single percent token.

Deal with complaints by XSV about trang's handling of Rahtz's example
(mixed derived from non-mixed).

Handling float/double/Name in trang DTD output module.

Allow jing to read from stdin.

Put jing/trang man pages online.

Add DTD validator

Provide a validate method on Validator so that we can avoid messing
with threads in some cases.

Add doc with hints about how to run jars.

Set Xerces properties to read DTDs but not validate

Option to control DTD parsing

Driver should check for options inappropriate for schema language

Insist that the property
map passed to schema.createValidator contains an error handler or
maybe use DraconianErrorHandler by default.

Maybe rename Validator to ValidationHandlers.

The SAX RELAX NG parser should use any EntityResolver supplied in the
PropertyMap by wrapping a class round the XMLReaderCreator which sets
the specified EntityResolver before returning it.

The SAX Compact syntax parser should be able to use an entity resolver.

Allow PropertyIds to be used to represent SAX properties/features.
Make use of them in the various SchemaReader implementations.

Move com.thaiopensource.relaxng.util to
com.thaiopensource.validate.driver?

Should have option for specifying non-XML language in a general way.

Auto-detect compact/XML syntax.

Compact syntax parser should provide encoding information.

Give a warning for a list containing a single token.

Give a more helpful message for sequence of strings
outside a list.

Handle comments embedded within strings better.

Put location information in error messages into a standard format
understandable by Emacs.

More helpful syntax error messages with compact syntax parser.

Support for IDREF checking via JARV.

In a big choice or interleave or attribute group, memoization for each
binary pattern is inefficient.

Option to recover from unknown datatype libraries.

More helpful error message for duplicate attributes.

Implement ValidationContext.getBaseUri in the instance.

Support infoset modification for ID/IDREF/IDREFS.

Support DTD compatibility use of default values.

Option to do XInclude before validation.

Maybe introduce a variant of the element pattern that has a mapping
from names to content models.

Better error message for wrong namespace URI.

Option to be verbose.

Streaming validation of data.
